♪
[Police radio chatter]
- [Clears throat]
- [Siren chirps]
- [Chuckles] Oh!
[Beep]
[Siren wails]
[Siren shuts off]
[Knock on door]
[Rats squeaking]
[Woman screaming]
[Static]
- Police! Cover the stairs.
Clear!
- Stairs are clear.
Power's out.
- All clear!
- It's clear upstairs.
[Man screams]
- Should we call for backup?
- Shit.
We don't have time.
- [Thud]
- What do we do?
- You clear upstairs.
I will clear down.
- Copy.
- Jer. keep an eye out for dogs.
[Static]
Jer. do you copy?
Jay! Radios are down!
Found a stairwell.
- I'm going up.
[Creaking]
[Breathing sharply]
Fuck.
City Police! Show yourselves!
- Control. this is 514.
Do you copy?
[Static]
Shit.
Okay.
Control. do you copy?
[Static]
Shit.
This is the police!
I'm coming down the stairs!
[Exhales deeply]
The hell was that?
Jesus Christ.
What the hell is this?
- Bryce.
Fuck!
[Breathing sharply]
[Creaking]
[Gargling]
[Gargling continues]
[Yowling]
[Door opens]
Ma'am. are you hurt?
We received a call
about a dispute in the house.
Ma'am?
Bryce. I got
an unresponsive up here.
[Static]
Bryce?
[Metallic thud]
- Wha--
Hey! Hey!
What are you doing down here?
Are you okay?
Sir. what are you doing down--
Hey. hey. hey! Hey!
Show me your hands.
Sir! Show me your hands!
Hey! Don't move! Do not move!
- [Chittering]
- Sir. I am not
gonna ask you again.
God damn it! Show me your hands!
- [Chittering]
- Jer. we got a situation
down here.
[Static]
Jer!
- Control. 528.
I made contact
with a person in the house.
She's got blood
all over her hands.
Start rolling medical this way.
- [Grunting]
- Control. do you copy?
Shit.
Ma'am. I'm approaching you slow.
- [Grunting]
- Are you on any drugs
at the moment?
- [Grunting]
- Did you-- Did you
do that to your dog?
- [Grunting stops]
- I will not ask you again!
You need to stop moving!
Show me your goddamn hands!
Come on! Hey! Sir!
Come on. man.
I do not want to shoot you!
Please don't make me do this!
Shit. Sir. Sir!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Aah!
[Two gunshots]
- Bryce!
Bryce! Bryce!
Oh! Shit.
Bryce! Oh. Are you hit?
- No. No.
Is he gone?
- [Gasps]
- What?
- It's a-- It's a baby.
- It's a what?
- He's holding a baby.
- Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck!
I thought he had a gun!
I thought he had a fucking gun!
I thought he was packing!
- Control! Control!
- Hey. hey! What are you doing?
- We gotta call it in.
- Just give me a second
to think. man!
You gotta give me
a second to think!
- Think about what?
We have two bodies.
- But he came at me!
I thought he had a fucking gun.
Oh. shit.
- There's no gun. man.
- [Woman moans]
- Ohh.
- Shit. Ma'am?
Ma'am. if we could just...
- Wait. wait. wait.
- [Woman moaning]
- Ma'am. Ma'am.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait!
- [Woman screams]
- Shit! Shit!
She went out the back!
Come on!
[Panting]
Stop running!
[Dog barking]
- Bryce! Bryce! Stop!
- Stop running!
[Dog barking]
Get back here!
She's back here. Jer!
- Hey. Hey.
We just want to talk to you.
- Okay. Bryce. Bryce.
We gotta take her in. man.
She's not right.
- No.
- What?
She's post-traumatic. man.
She needs help.
- Jer. let's just
talk about this.
- What's there to talk about?
- They've seen what we've done.
- "We"?
- Me. Bryce. Whatever. Listen.
- [Glass shatters]
- Whoa. whoa. Hey. hey. hey!
- Drop it!
- Ma'am. Ma'am. Ma'am.
- [Mumbling]
- You don't have to do this!
- You owe him now!
- Put it down!
- Ma'am. stop!
- You owe the Underman!
- Put down the bottle!
- Ma'am. Ma'am.
- We can get you
the help that you need.
Just please put down the bottle.
Bryce. stop. Bryce.
- He sees you.
[Gargling]
[Screams]
[Officers scream]
[Gargling]
- Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck. Fuck. What was that?
- Oh. my God.
- What the hell was that?!
You-- You--
You saw that. You saw that.
He came at me the same--
He came at me the same.
out of nowhere!
[Gagging]
- Bryce. I'm calling it in. man.
There's gonna be eyeballs
all over this
when Dispatch realizes
we're incommunicado.
- No.
- If we don't
call this in now...
they'll hang us both.
- I'm not being crucified
over a split second.
This is split-second. man.
- I'm calling it in.
- God damn it!
Would you listen to me?!
I'm not going down
over some fucking tweaker!
Didn't know about the kid.
- It doesn't matter
what you knew or didn't.
All that matters
is what
that
saw.
- [Breathes shakily]
[Feedback whines]
[Door closes]
- I'm gonna go
wash this shit off me.
- And me?
- [Sighs]
Just go secure the scene.
- I don't even know
what that means. Bryce.
- I don't know. either.
[Rapid footsteps]
[Vomiting]
[Breathing heavily]
[Phone unlocks and beeps]
[Line ringing]
- Hey!
- Hey. baby.
- What time is it?
It's almost 2:00.
- I know. I'm sorry.
I just wanted
to hear your voice.
How's the little one?
- Kicking up a storm.
What's wrong?
You never call this late.
- No. Nothing.
Hey. Rose wants me on OT.
I just wanted you to know
that the bed will be empty
on my side tonight.
You'll be okay. you and Katie.
- [Chuckles] I told you.
She's gonna be a Bailey.
He's gonna be a Beckett.
Are you sure you're alright?
- Yeah.
I just wanted
to hear your voice.
I love you.
- I love you. too.
[Phone locks]
[Footsteps approach]
- Give 'em to me.
- What?
- The brass.
I'm gonna take it off site
and I'm gonna drop it
in a gutter across town.
- What are you saying?
- We made the DV call.
There was nothing
out of the ordinary.
Wife was upset.
It was no big fucking deal. man.
We departed.
We gave 'em a warning.
But shit escalated. Okay?
We didn't know she was on PCP.
Shit. How could we?
The bitch was acting
because when she sees the blue.
it's automatic.
- Bryce--
- Let me finish! Okay? Listen.
She was hopped up.
The tox screen--
it will prove that.
She shot her husband
and the kid.
She wandered off.
she regretted it.
and then she cut her throat.
Some wino is gonna find her
out by the trash in the morning.
and he will make the call.
- Think about
what you're saying. man.
- I know what I am saying.
- Your bullets
are in those bodies!
It's gonna trace
right back to you!
Ballistics will fry you!
- Well. did you check?
- I-I'm not checking
the kid. Bryce.
You can't ask me to do that.
- [Grunts]
Oh. shit.
- What?
- There's no exit.
- This is insane.
You're in too deep.
Let's just explain to them
what happened.
Let's-- Let's get
in front of this!
- There's no fucking gun. Jer!
There's no getting
in front of
this.
We are the bad guys here.
I'm the bad guy.
You know that!
- Every word you utter
is another goddamn
nail in your coffin. okay?
- Think about how this plays.
Think about what'll happen to me
if this comes out.
No.
When
this comes out.
Everything I have. everything
I have built. my family...
it's ruined!
I need your help.
You know me.
You know Michelle.
Please.
- I can't be down there
with them.
- [Click]
- [Whirring]
- [Beep]
- Control. do you copy?
[Static]
[Grunts]
- What if we destroy them?
- That's not an option.
- Two cams.
They don't just get destroyed.
Not in one unit.
Fucking I.A.
would be all over it.
It'll just lead them
right back here.
- Then we could go in.
It's not too late.
They've seen it all.
They'll protect us!
- Until the moment
public opinion turns.
and then they're gonna
throw us to the wolves!
We're acceptable casualties.
Jer. You know that!
We have another option.
I'm gonna get this shit off me.
[Doors close]
- What is this place?
Why are we here. man?
Bryce?
[Static]
Hey!
Hey. you good?
[Fingers snap]
- Yeah. I'm good. Let's go.
[Bell jingles]
[Muzak playing]
♪
- What are we doing here?
- Just... trust me.
[Buzzer]
Oh. Jesus!
- Over here. Let's go. Hurry up.
- Alright. Come on.
- Got the dock set up for upload.
Who's the new guy?
- Doesn't matter.
We need this shit gone fast.
- Alright. Need-to-know basis.
Got it.
Jesus. It's still recording?
- It won't shut off.
We took a domestic.
and the lights triggered it.
- So ironic.
You guys are modern panopticons.
Only the focus is on you.
imprisoned by public scrutiny.
- Hey! It's not a game. Espo.
- Uploads are done
at the end of the shift
and stored for 90 days
in the cloud.
These cams are tamper-proof.
Manufacturers are so certain
their shit is rock-solid.
but they're just compelled
to say that shit to
keep D.A.'s uppity.
- You think this is gonna work?
- Just delete it. Then his.
Like we were never here.
- Alright. Here it goes.
- W-Wait.
I want to see what happened.
If I'm in this with you...
I need to see it for myself.
- Alright. Here you go.
- Control. 1023.
We're attempting contact.
It's further ahead.
Fast-forward.
[Tape whirring]
Alright. Stop.
Show me your goddamn hands!
Come on! Hey! Sir!
Come on. man.
I do not want to shoot you!
Please don't make me do this!
Shit. Sir. Sir!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Aah!
[Two gunshots]
- Hm.
- It happened so fast.
- You're still gonna
want to come clean. man.
There's not enough here
to hang you. Bryce!
- No. no. no.
You know what'll happen.
They don't need any rope
to hang me.
- Bryce. Whatever. Listen.
- Who is this?
- Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Drop it!
- She was in the house
when we arrived.
High on something.
She ran when she saw
what happened.
- Put it down!
- Ma'am. stop!
- You owe the Underman!
- Put down the bottle!
- Shit.
- Ma'am. Ma'am.
We can get you
the help that you need.
- What does that mean?
- Please. Put down the bottle.
Bryce. don't. Br--
- I can't help you.
- Oh. Wait. What?
Wait. No. no. no. What?
What does that mean?
What is the Underman?
- No. no. no. no.
Hey. Hey! We had a deal.
I own you. Espo!
- No. man.
He
owns you now.
- What the fuck?
- What was that?
Where is she going?
- I don't know.
Jesus Christ.
Oh. my God.
[Sighs] Shit.
- Okay. Okay.
- [Groans]
- What are we gonna do now?
- I don't know.
- Officers in the vicinity
of Graham and Warbucks.
Female vic
discovered in Henderson
in the valley behind Rochester.
Victim's throat was slashed.
- Shit.
They've already found her.
- We gotta control this.
- What? No. man. No!
- Jer. You know we do.
Until we can figure this out.
we got to control this.
- Please respond.
- 5-1-4. Show us en route.
Let's put an end to this.
Alright.
We stick to the story.
We checked in. We left.
Something spooked her.
and she shot her husband and kid
and then killed herself.
Yeah. Fucking vultures.
- [Siren wails]
5-1-4. Show us
arriving on scene.
- Copy. 5-14.
[Thunder rumbles]
- Something's rolling in.
Oh. what the hell?!
- Jesus Christ. Is she alive?
- 5-1-4 to control.
We're on location at Henderson.
There is no vic on site.
Are we the first to arrive?
- First to report. 5-14.
- Copy.
She's not alive.
There's no fucking way.
Not after that.
None of them fucking
tweakers would have taken her.
- Look!
- What is that?
[Camera shutter clicks]
- She drew that same shit
at the house.
- What is happening here?
Control. this is 5-1-4.
If there was a body here before.
it's not here any longer.
[Static]
Control. do you copy?
- Alright. man.
The scavengers are showing up.
We gotta get out of here.
Bryce. we gotta go.
Hey. you alright?
Bryce.
Bryce!
- [Gasps]
What happened?
- Your nose
is gushing blood. man.
- What? Ohh...
- We gotta get you to a hospital.
- Oh. Come on. I'm good.
Ohh! Ohh!
- Okay. You're not good.
You're not good. Let's just go.
- [Groaning] God. Oh. Christ.
Oh. What's happening?
[Groans]
- I got you. bud.
- Hey. Get the fuck out of here!
Move!
[Groaning]
[Engine starts]
[Groans]
- You still with me?
- Oh. man.
It won't stop bleeding.
- Shit.
- [Groans]
- There.
We gotta get you help. man.
- I can't go to the hospital.
- What do you want me to do?
- I don't know. Just no hospital.
- Okay. Okay.
- I think I'm going to hell.
- Huh?
- It was an accident. man.
You think--
You think God cares?
You think
he'll make an exception?
[Line ringing]
Who are you calling?
Huh?
- Oh. Shit.
- Wow. What is it? Huh.
[Thunder crashes]
[Siren wailing]
[Horn blaring]
- Weird.
[Siren wailing]
- Please clear the road.
Get the fuck out of the way!
[Siren stops]
- You took something from us.
- What did you say?
- He needs help. Move!
- Do you think you have
any power here?
[Laughter]
[Screams]
- What do they want?
- Don't worry about it.
- You took something from us!
- Fuck.
[Siren chirping]
- Where are we going?
- To find some help.
- What is this place?
- Come on. Let's go.
- Where are we?
- Okay.
- Quick. Get off my step. Jerome.
before someone sees you.
I have a group here. Jerome.
This is
very
inconvenient.
- Ma. please.
We didn't have
anywhere else to go.
- I don't want them to see you.
You know how it spooks them.
♪
Put him down there. child.
- Okay.
- Get cleaned up.
Jerome. come with me.
♪
I have told you not to
come here wearing that.
- I didn't have
nowhere else to go.
♪
- What's he on. Jerome?
- I don't know.
He got into an altercation
with some--
some crackhead tweaker
who bled on--
- You don't call them that.
You have no right
to disrespect the community
just because you think
you're above it.
♪
- You're right.
You're right. I'm sorry.
♪
- Now...
Tell me what happened.
[Thunder rumbling]
♪
[Door opens]
- Can I help you?
What--
- You took something.
- What did you say?
You took something.
- What? What are you--
- Tabby. dear. why don't you go
head back in with the others?
May you hold on to that image
in your head
that I told you to.
You hold on to the light.
Sorry about that.
They're curious.
They're always curious.
W-Why don't you have a seat?
♪
May I?
You're not feeling yourself.
are you. friend?
♪
- You don't like cops?
- [Chuckling] No. No.
I don't like how they've
just given up on us here.
[Distorted] Here... here.
Do you think
that gun you're carrying
or that badge you're wearing
makes any sort of difference
in a place like this?
[Distorted] This... this.
'Cause you're on one side
and they're on the other.
and it don't make a difference
because you don't mix well
with the people
you're supposed to be helping.
- [Distorted] And you do?
- You make people paranoid.
It's not helping nothing.
You need to be in the trenches.
get to know these people.
find out how to
actually help them.
- Ohh! [Laughs]
Holy shit.
[Creaking]
Um...
I don't think you're
supposed to be up here.
- You take something from him.
he takes something from you.
- What?
Hey. uh. you can't be up here!
What the fuck?
- Jerome said
you had an... episode.
- I don't know what it was.
- Huh.
- It's like...
I was there and...
...then I-I wasn't.
[Sighs]
- What did you see?
- I saw my wife.
Standing on our front step.
She was waving at me.
She was beckoning me
to follow her inside.
I tried to follow her.
but the door. it just kept
getting further away.
And the scary thing was...
I don't think she was alone.
- Sorry.
[Monitors beeping]
- It was dark. but...
behind her...
it was like someone was there.
- You take something from him.
he takes something from you.
- [Gasps] Ohh!
- What was that?
[Electricity crackles]
- You need to leave.
You need to go
and be with your wife.
You need to go be with her now.
- You take something from him.
he takes something from you.
- You take something from him...
- I told you this would happen!
- You need to go. Jerome!
You need to get your friend
to his light.
- You take something from him.
he takes something from you.
- 'Cause I gotta be there.
- What's going on. Ma?
- You can't be here. Jerome.
He's sniffing around now.
and I don't like it.
- You take something from him.
he takes something from you.
- Is this... him?
- You need to get him home.
You need to stay with him.
And you need to stay
far away from here.
Go. You cannot be here tonight!
- What's going on. Bryce?
- I don't know.
I need to go home.
- Why?
- It was something your mom said.
It doesn't feel right.
[Dog barking]
[Line ringing]
- What happened in there?
- I don't know. man.
Something inside me
doesn't like this.
Come on. Come on. baby.
- Hey. You've reached Michelle.
- Shit.
She always answers
when I call this late. man.
We gotta go.
- And I'll get right
back to you. Thanks.
- Fuck it. Hit the lights.
Hold on.
[Siren wailing]
[Line ringing]
- Hey. You've reached Michelle.
I'm sorry. I can't come
to the phone right now.
Please leave a message.
and I'll get right
back to you. Thanks.
- She always leaves
the lights on for me.
Let's go.
[Siren stops]
No.
Michelle? Michelle!
- ♪
This love I'm giving you
♪
Won't ever die
And this love
will always be true
♪
No matter how...
- What is that?
- Our wedding song.
♪
- ♪
And there really
isn't one thing
♪
- Check that way.
- ♪
That it isn't willing to do
♪
- Michelle!
- ♪
To forever keep you happy
♪
- Shit.
- [Woman screams]
- Bryce.
[Thump]
[Gun cocks]
- Please. God!
[Indistinct shouting]
- Michelle!
- Help me!
- Jesus.
- Espo?
- Where is she? Where's my wife?
- Untie me. please!
- Why are you in my home?!
- I don't know!
I don't know!
Just please untie me!
- Shit.
- Hurry up!
- Jer. give me some light.
- Why did you
have to come see me?!
You led them right to me!
- Led who?
- God just hurry up and
untie me so I can get
the fuck out of here!
- Stop moving. Okay. Alright.
Now get up!
- [Coughing]
- Come on. Come on. Come on.
Shit. Bryce.
- What?
- Oh. shit. She's choking.
Come on.
Easy. Oh. God.
- Ohh!
[Rats squeaking]
- [Growling]
- Jesus Christ.
[Cracking]
- Shit. Who are you?
What have you done
with Michelle?
- [Distorted] Look at you.
Look at what you are.
All of this power. and you
couldn't even protect your wife.
- Where is she?!
- She screamed for you.
She screamed your name.
You weren't there. I was there.
She will writhe
when she descends...
for your little girl.
- Oh. fuck you!
- Ready to descend with us?
[Growling]
- Bryce. we gotta go.
We gotta go.
Bryce. we gotta...
- [Growling]
- Go. go! Come on!
[Growling stops]
- Get in!
[Siren wails]
[Tires squeal]
- What do we do now?
- I don't know.
I don't know! Fuck!
- Control. this is 5-2-8.
Do you copy?
- It won't work. We are alone
because they want us alone.
- What the fuck
are you talking about?
- We took something from them.
Now they took something from us.
- Let's go to the precinct.
We'll bring the hammer down
on all of them!
- Yeah. you can try.
but it won't be there.
Look at what they did
to the radio. Huh?
We're cut off. man.
They are in control.
We are way outside
the fucking lines now.
- Bryce. slow down.
- Kill the lights.
- Oh. yeah.
What are you doing. man?!
- Maybe they won't
see us coming.
[Siren shuts off]
There they are.
- Who?
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Bruce. slow down!
[Tires screech]
Bryce!
- You know who I am?
- You're him.
- Yeah. You'll do.
- Bryce. what are you doing?!
- I don't know.
I just know they want me here.
Go.
Don't move.
Move!
See anything?
Let's go.
Come on! Move your ass!
- [Laughs]
- How much further.
you piece of shit? Huh?
Where'd you take my wife?
- Watch your step.
- Where the hell
are you taking us?
- Up.
- What is this place?
- Hey! How much further?
[Door opens]
Hey. No stopping. Go!
- What happened here?
- I don't know.
Hey! Wait up!
"Those who seek God look down."
"Descend and you will rise."
- [Laughing]
[High-pitched ringing]
- Your nose is bleeding.
- Room 514. Of course.
Open the door.
Now!
Sit down!
Where is she?
Hey. You know
what I did tonight.
That was an accident.
This won't be.
- Oh. shit. Bryce.
- Look at this place!
Room 514. That is my call sign!
None of this is an accident.
We didn't just happen
on this fucking place.
They want us here!
Where is my wife?!
- You take something from him.
we take something from you.
- Oh. for fuck--
Where is she. huh?!
Where?!
- No. Bryce! Done!
You can't keep making up
your own rules. man!
You can't do this!
- They took my fucking--
- He took it.
- What the...
Who? Huh?
Hey. Listen.
Nobody's coming for you.
Nobody can help you but you!
Now. where is she?!
- I don't know.
- Ah. yes. you do.
Yes. you do.
- Put down the gun.
- He's angry.
- Yeah. Yeah? Yeah?
Well. so am I.
And which one of us has a gun?
Now. where is my wife?!
- She wanted you here.
She's so mad at you.
You took everything from her.
- That's enough.
That's enough. Bryce.
That's enough.
- You pulling that on me here?
After what these fucks have
done? What they have taken?
[Screams]
Fuck!
- Look. Please.
Just-- Just tell him.
And this will be over. okay?
Look. Look. Tell him.
Tell him.
He's not fucking around. Okay?
Okay?
- [Laughs]
You take something from us.
we take something from y--
- No.
What have you done?
No. No.
[Door opens]
- [Groans]
- Bryce!
For fuck's sake. Bryce!
- Stop. Stop it!
No!
No.
[Groans]
- Okay. Listen to me. man.
We're gonna get you help. Okay?
[Jerome speaking faintly]
- [Groans]
[Clattering]
- Shh...
- Ohh...
- Bryce. you alright. man?
Can you hear me?
- Yeah. What--
What did you do to me?
- You killed my baby.
- What the fuck?
[Grunts]
- [Speaking indistinctly]
[Muttering]
- [Grunting]
- We tried to save her.
[Muttering]
You took something from me.
And now I take
something from you!
[Bryce screaming]
- Bryce. Bryce.
Look at me. Look at me.
You okay?
Oh. fuck.
What the...
Oh. Shit.
- You hear that?
[High-pitched ringing]
- It's her.
I can hear her.
She's here.
They have her here.
- Bryce. stop.
- We don't have much time.
We can save her.
- What?
- She's on the roof.
They're hurting her.
They're hurting her!
Oh. God!
[Panting]
- I'm coming. baby!
I'm coming!
[Panting]
- Bryce!
[Bryce screaming]
- Oh. Christ. baby.
Look at what they did to her.
I was too late.
Look at what they've done.
- Bryce. I don't know
what you're seeing. but...
- [Crying] They took her.
- Bryce. Bryce.
Look at me. Look at me.
Michelle's not here.
You're seeing things.
Okay...
- No. No. no. no. no!
Ohh...
- Okay.
- I'm so sorry. Jer.
I'm so sorry
for bringing you in here.
- She's not here. Bryce.
She's not dead.
Are you hearing me?
- No. They killed her.
She's gone.
- No. She's not.
She's not. Bryce.
Look. We're gonna find her.
We're gonna find Michelle.
Me and you.
- I was gonna be a father.
- [Gasps]
No. Bryce! Bryce! No!
No!
[Panting]
[Door opens]
- Shit. Oh. my God.
[Distorted laughter]
- Your mother
is the priestess...
She disturbs us.
Tell her many
have tried to fight me.
and all have failed.
I am forever.
I am Under.
[Growling]
[Growling continues]
- Shit.
Oh. shit.
- [Growling]
[Distorted voices]
- Take it!
- Aah!
- [Growling fades]
- What the fuck?
[Engine sputtering]
Shit.
Come on. Fuck!
[Engine sputtering]
My name is
Jerome Anthony Jackson.
and I am of clear mind.
To whoever watches this.
to whoever
doesn't believe any of it...
...let this footage
be our final proof.
Any misdeeds that occurred
tonight were only accidents.
My partner.
Bryce Anderson. is...
Was
a good man.
He got caught up in a situation
and didn't know what to do.
And...
I don't know where his body is.
I watched him die. but...
...I don't know where he is.
I suspect they took him. I...
suspect they took his wife.
I suspect I sound crazy.
But if you're watching this.
you've seen. too.
And maybe I'm not.
Maybe this is the sanest
I've ever been.
And-- A-And that scares me.
If I die on this night.
it wasn't by my own hands.
I don't know what's happening...
but I pray this gets out
and you see the truth.
I'm sorry.
[Engine sputtering]
Come on. Please. God. please.
Please.
[Engine starts]
[Tires squeal]
[Engine revs]
Fuck.
Control. this is 5-2-8.
Coming to you now.
Control. do you copy?
- [Laughter]
- What do you want?!
You've already taken him!
- You took something from us.
We take something from you.
- Fuck you!
Okay. Okay.
What the fuck?
Okay.
[Crackling]
Okay. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Okay.
- [Crackling]
- [Gasps]
[Tires screech]
Okay.
Where am I?
Where the fuck am I?
- [Crackling]
- Oh!
[Tires screech]
[Line ringing]
- Jerome?
- Ma! Ma. I need you.
- What's happened?
- I know what to do.
- Your friend is gone. isn't he?
- Yes.
- Because he took
his light from him.
- Yes.
I'm trying to get to
the precinct to get help.
but I'm lost. Ma.
I keep ending up at this house.
the house
where this all started.
- Oh. he throws his tricks.
don't he. Jerome?
But-- But you
gotta see through 'em.
Where are you?
- Uh. d-downtown. I think.
Uh. I don't know.
It's-- It's dark out.
I'm trying to get help.
but he won't let me.
- Just follow my voice.
Let-- Let me be your light.
- Just keep talking. Ma. okay?
Just-- Just keep me company.
- You're stronger than he is.
You got up out of this life.
You're a good boy.
You got up out of here.
- Keep talking. Ma.
- 'Cause you didn't
listen to him.
not when you could have.
not when your sister did.
Not when your sister brought
his filth into our home.
- Ma.
- You didn't put him
in your veins.
And that scares him.
God of temptation.
- Ohh.
It's the house. Ma.
The house. It--
It's like I can't get away.
- Jerome. you stay
far away from that place.
- I can't. It's--
It's like it's haunting me.
- Just keep driving.
Do not stop for anything.
Use my voice. Follow my light.
- Ma. Ma. I'm listening.
- Just remember.
He's not after you.
He's after me.
Stay away from the house.
Do not go back there.
[Siren wails]
I know you're scared.
but I'm coming for you.
I'm going to find you.
Just keep driving.
Help is on the way.
- Ma. Are you there?!
Ma! Ma!
[Tires screech]
[Siren distorts]
[Engine stops]
Ma?
Ma. he found me.
Let this be our final proof.
There's a monster here.
[Door closes]
How is this possible?
[Creaking]
- You there? Thank God.
There you are.
You found me.
You need to hurry.
- Bryce? Bryce?
- I found Michelle. man...
She's where they all go.
- I-I watched you die. Bryce.
Y-You're not real.
- ...we need you here.
I can't do this alone.
- No. You're not--
You're not real.
T-That can't be you. Bryce.
- I'm gonna be a dad!
I don't know
if I can do it alone. Jer.
Hurry!
♪
- ♪ This love
that I'm giving you ♪
♪ Won't ever die ♪
♪
- Hello?
- Hello.
♪
- ♪ To forever keep you happy ♪
- Bryce. Are you there?
♪
- ♪ This I promise you ♪
♪ This love
that I am giving you ♪
♪ Is so rare ♪
♪ You won't find it nowhere ♪
- [Woman screams]
- Shit!
Can you hear me? Fuck.
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Bryce. you in here?
Bryce?
[Feedback whines]
- [Woman screams]
- What the--
[Woman screams]
- Bryce?
[Feedback whines]
[Woman screams]
- Fuck.
What the fuck?
[Woman screaming]
- [Breathing deeply]
[Woman screams]
[Rapid footsteps]
Hello?!
Does anyone need help?!
[Woman screams]
- I'm coming!
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
[Woman screams]
[Feedback whines]
[Radio beeps]
[Woman screaming]
- Bryce?
[Baby crying]
- It's a girl.
[Feedback whines]
- No! No. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
What the-- What the fuck?
What is...
- [Growling]
- What the fuck was that?
[Feedback whines]
- [Growling]
[Baby crying]
- Fuck.
Oh! [Gasps]
Oh. fuck.
Bryce.
[Baby cooing]
Why didn't you just do
the right thing?
- Descend with us. Jer.
Descend with us.
and we can all be a family.
All of us.
- What?
[Gasps]
Neisha.
- ...big brother.
- How?
- Can be a family. Together.
[Baby cries]
- [Growling]
[Police radio chatter]
- It's just up here.
- That's it. That's his car.
- The hell is he doing?
- I don't know.
Fuckin' call it in.
- [Siren wails]
- Control. 702.
Approaching 1626 Rise.
Car 6814 still on scene.
- Copy. 702.
- Alright. ma'am.
Stay in the car.
- The hell I am.
- I think we can manage
a few tweakers.
- You have no idea
what you're dealing with.
- The hell was he doing here?
[Dog barking]
- Oh. I know
this
place.
- Please stay behind us.
Mrs. Jackson.
- Control. 702.
[Static]
Getting some interference.
Hey. Control. do you copy?
- We don't have time for this.
- Ma'am!
- Control. do you copy?!
- That's not gonna work here.
He's down there.
- Ma'am. please!
Ma'am. behind us.
Hello?!
Jerome Anthony Jackson?!
Are you hurt?!
Jackson. you down here?!
- There he is.
- Jerome?
- What the fuck?
- Baby. I found you.
Jerome?
- Ma'am. stay back from him.
- Baby. I found you.
- Ma?
- I'm here. baby.
[Gasps]
- [Distorted] She's rising.
- [Gasps]
[High-pitched ringing]
- She's rising. Ma.
- Huh?
- Oh. shit.
- What the fuck?
- Ohh!
- Oh. shit. Shit.
What the fuck? Oh. fuck.
Oh. Oh. shit.
- Neisha?
- You wanted us
to be together again.
- We need to leave.
[Screams]
- [Gasps]
- Stay back! Fuck!
What the fuck?!
Hey. Control!
Control. come in!
- Control!
- It's not working!
- Please. Please.
- [Screams]
- Oh. Jesus.
- We've been waiting for you. Ma.
Ma. we can be a family again.
Forever.
- What the fuck is in there?
Do you hear that?
- [Growling]
- [Groans]
- Ohh...
[Moaning]
- Help. H-Help. Hel--
- [Growling]
[Man screams]
- [Groaning]
- Come home. Mommy.
- [Growling]
- [Screams]
- Please. Please.
Jackson.
No. Jackson.
- [Growling]
[Baby crying]
[Man screaming]
♪ This love
that I am giving you ♪
♪ Won't ever die ♪
♪ And this love
will always be true ♪
♪ No matter
how many years go by ♪
♪ And there really
isn't one thing ♪
♪ That it isn't willing to do
♪ To forever keep you happy
♪ This I promise you ♪
♪ This love
that I am giving you ♪
♪ Is so rare ♪
♪ You won't find it nowhere
♪ No love could ever mean more
♪ No matter how much
that love may care ♪
♪ So you better take
advantage of this ♪
♪ Golden opportunity
♪ Just to know
that you're deciding ♪
♪ Would mean so much to me ♪
♪ Da-da-da-da-da-da.
da-da da-da ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Da-da-da-da-da-da.
da-da da-da ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ This love
that I'm giving you ♪
- [Growling]
♪